README.md, before:


# VOCAB - MEMORIZE
A game to test visual memory and at the same time viewers ability to learn new vocabulary words.

 
## UX
### User stories:
  - Expected goals of first time page visitors:
    

  - Expected goals of second (and more) time page visitors:
  

### Design of the website:
#### Typography


#### Colors


#### Imagery


#### Wireframes


#### Mockups


## Features

### Existing Features

- **Navigation** 
   
### Features Left to Implement
- colours might need to be changed in the future, they were adapted to match with the hero image

## Technologies Used
(adapted accordingly by: https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/SampleREADME)
- **Bootstrap v5.0** - Bootstrap was used to assist with the responsiveness and styling of the website.
- **Google Fonts** - Google fonts were used to import all fonts into the style.css file which is used on all pages throughout the project.

- **Painting** - was used to crop images
- **MS Office Power Point** - used for creating wireframes


## Testing

Bugs and difficulties: 
- logo and its responsiveness
- jquery links and cdns


#### Website has been tested and corrected by: 


#### Testing of features:

#### Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section
##### First Time Visitor Goals

##### Second Time Visitor Goals

### Problems during testing and development


## Deployment

### GitHub Pages

### Forking the GitHub Repository

### Making a Local Clone


## Credits
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_a4XCarxwr8&t=333s
- https://www.encodedna.com/javascript/redirect-page-after-a-delay-using-javascript.htm
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5489989/jquery-equivalent-for-window-document-write
- https://www.rapidtables.com/convert/color/hex-to-rgb.html
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7NsIRhoWuE

### Acknowledgements


### Media


## Full content

Commit message:

Added alert at the end of game

README.md, after:


# VOCAB - MEMORIZE
A game to test visual memory and at the same time viewers ability to learn new vocabulary words.

 
## UX
### User stories:
  - Expected goals of first time page visitors:
    

  - Expected goals of second (and more) time page visitors:
  

### Design of the website:
#### Typography


#### Colors


#### Imagery


#### Wireframes


#### Mockups


## Features

### Existing Features

- **Navigation** 
   
### Features Left to Implement
- colours might need to be changed in the future, they were adapted to match with the hero image
- alert 

## Technologies Used
(adapted accordingly by: https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/SampleREADME)
- **Bootstrap v5.0** - Bootstrap was used to assist with the responsiveness and styling of the website.
- **Google Fonts** - Google fonts were used to import all fonts into the style.css file which is used on all pages throughout the project.

- **Painting** - was used to crop images
- **MS Office Power Point** - used for creating wireframes


## Testing


Bugs and difficulties: 
- dragability
- alert is visible only on large screens.. 


#### Website has been tested and corrected by: 


#### Testing of features:

#### Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section
##### First Time Visitor Goals

##### Second Time Visitor Goals

### Problems during testing and development


## Deployment

### GitHub Pages

### Forking the GitHub Repository

### Making a Local Clone


## Credits
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_a4XCarxwr8&t=333s
- https://www.encodedna.com/javascript/redirect-page-after-a-delay-using-javascript.htm
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5489989/jquery-equivalent-for-window-document-write
- https://www.rapidtables.com/convert/color/hex-to-rgb.html
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7NsIRhoWuE

### Acknowledgements


### Media


## Full content
